# C Program question

1. Write a c program to check given number is perfect number or not.
2. Write a c program to check given number is Armstrong number or not.
3. Write a c program to check given number is prime number or not.
4. Write a c program to reverse any number.
5. Write a c program to check given number is strong number or not.
6. Write a c program to find out sum of digit of given number.
7. Write a c program to check given number is palindrome number or not.
8. Write a c program to check given string is palindrome number or not.
9. Write a c program to find out power of number.          
10. Write a c program to add two numbers without using addition operator.
11. Write a c program to subtract two numbers without using subtraction operator.
12. Write a c program to find largest among three numbers using binary minus operator.
13. Write a c program to find largest among three numbers using conditional operator
14. Write a c program to find out generic root of any number.
15. Write a c program to solve quadratic equation.
16. Write a c program which passes one dimension array to function.
17. Write a c program which passes two dimension array to function.
18. Write a c program which passes structure to function.
19. Write a c program for Floyd’s triangle.
20. Write a c program to print Pascal triangle.
21. Write a c program to generate multiplication table.
22. Write a c program to get factorial of given number.
23. Write a c program to find out prime factor of given number.
24. Write a c program to find out NCR factor of given number.
25.  Write a c program to print Fibonacci series of given range.
26. Write a c program to print ASCII value of all characters.
27. Write a c program to check given year is leap year or not.
28. Write a c program which takes password from user.
29. Write a scanf function in c which accept sentence from user.
30. Write a scanf function in c which accept paragraph from user.
31. Write a c program to print the all prime numbers between 1 to 300.
32. Big list of c program examples





General

    Find the most frequent integer in an array

    Find pairs in an integer array whose sum is equal to 10 (bonus: do it in linear time)

    Given 2 integer arrays, determine of the 2nd array is a rotated version of the 1st array. Ex. Original Array A={1,2,3,5,6,7,8} Rotated Array B={5,6,7,8,1,2,3}

    Write fibbonaci iteratively and recursively (bonus: use dynamic programming)

    Find the only element in an array that only occurs once.

    Find the common elements of 2 int arrays

    Implement binary search of a sorted array of integers

    Implement binary search in a rotated array (ex. {5,6,7,8,1,2,3})

    Use dynamic programming to find the first X prime numbers

    Write a function that prints out the binary form of an int

    Implement parseInt

    Implement squareroot function

    Implement an exponent function (bonus: now try in log(n) time)

    Write a multiply function that multiples 2 integers without using *

    HARD: Given a function rand5() that returns a random int between 0 and 5, implement rand7()

    HARD: Given a 2D array of 1s and 0s, count the number of "islands of 1s" (e.g. groups of connecting 1s)

Strings

    Find the first non-repeated character in a String

    Reverse a String iteratively and recursively

    Determine if 2 Strings are anagrams

    Check if String is a palindrome

    Check if a String is composed of all unique characters

    Determine if a String is an int or a double

    HARD: Find the shortest palindrome in a String

    HARD: Print all permutations of a String

    HARD: Given a single-line text String and a maximum width value, write the function 'String justify(String text, int maxWidth)' that formats the input text using full-justification, i.e., extra spaces on each line are equally distributed between the words; the first word on each line is flushed left and the last word on each line is flushed right

Trees

    Implement a BST with insert and delete functions

    Print a tree using BFS and DFS

    Write a function that determines if a tree is a BST

    Find the smallest element in a BST

    Find the 2nd largest number in a BST

    Given a binary tree which is a sum tree (child nodes add to parent), write an algorithm to determine whether the tree is a valid sum tree

    Find the distance between 2 nodes in a BST and a normal binary tree

    Print the coordinates of every node in a binary tree, where root is 0,0

    Print a tree by levels

    Given a binary tree which is a sum tree, write an algorithm to determine whether the tree is a valid sum tree

    Given a tree, verify that it contains a subtree.

    HARD: Find the max distance between 2 nodes in a BST.

    HARD: Construct a BST given the pre-order and in-order traversal Strings

Stacks, Queues, and Heaps

    Implement a stack with push and pop functions

    Implement a queue with queue and dequeue functions

    Find the minimum element in a stack in O(1) time

    Write a function that sorts a stack (bonus: sort the stack in place without extra memory)

    Implement a binary min heap. Turn it into a binary max heap

    HARD: Implement a queue using 2 stacks

Linked Lists

    Implement a linked list (with insert and delete functions)

    Find the Nth element in a linked list

    Remove the Nth element of a linked list

    Check if a linked list has cycles

    Given a circular linked list, find the node at the beginning of the loop. Example: A-->B-->C --> D-->E -->C, C is the node that begins the loop

    Check whether a link list is a palindrome

    Reverse a linked list iteratively and recursively

Sorting

    Implement bubble sort

    Implement selection sort

    Implement insertion sort

    Implement merge sort

    Implement quick sort


